Right so this is Section 12, Understanding Modules.
So a module is a named set of packages, resources
and native libraries.
Java 9 introduced a concept of a module,
a new java entity that is similar to an executable
jar in it's production state,
but that includes a name and a descriptor class
that provides benefits that didn't exist
prior to Java 9.
The benefits of a module are as follows;
Stronger encapsulation at a higher level
which improves security.
Prior to Java 9 any class in any package
with a public or protected access modifier
that was included in a jar on the classpath
was by it's nature publicly accessible or extensible
by all of the application code,
so there was no way to hide this information.
In JDK 9, you have three ways to expose your public types.
You can make them:
One, public to everyone, unqualified exposure.
Public to just specific modules deemed friends,
that's qualified exposure.
Or third, not public to any other module,
but only to the packages included in the module itself.
A module descriptor will specifically declare which packages
are visible to other modules executing in the same
application space.
And the other benefits to a module are
reliable dependencies which improves stability.
A module descriptor requires a module to specifically
declare which modules it's dependent on,
publishing it's dependencies to consumers.
So this section specifically we're gonna be discussing
the following topics which will be part of the first
certification exam.
So describe the Modular JDK.
Declare modules and enable access between modules
and third, describe how a modular project
is compiled and run.
Let's get started.